c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\AarhusWebDevCoop.dll.config
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\AarhusWebDevCoop.dll
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\AarhusWebDevCoop.pdb
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\AutoMapper.pdb
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.pdb
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\businesslogic.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\ClientDependency.Core.pdb
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\ClientDependency.Core.Mvc.pdb
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\cms.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\controls.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\Examine.pdb
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\interfaces.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\Lucene.Net.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\Microsoft.IO.RecyclableMemoryStream.pdb
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\MiniProfiler.pdb
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\MiniProfiler.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\SQLCE4Umbraco.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\umbraco.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\Umbraco.Core.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\umbraco.DataLayer.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\umbraco.editorControls.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\umbraco.MacroEngines.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\Umbraco.ModelsBuilder.pdb
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\umbraco.providers.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\Umbraco.Web.UI.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\UmbracoExamine.xml
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\obj\Debug\AarhusWebDevCoop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\obj\Debug\AarhusWebDevCoop.dll
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\obj\Debug\AarhusWebDevCoop.pdb
c:\users\viliu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AarhusWebDevCoop\AarhusWebDevCoop\bin\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
